---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-08T02:05:52.714Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-08T02:05:37.406Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-08-7854bf05-7902-4d01-9433-642ff1961f4e.md
published: true
url: 7854bf05-7902-4d01-9433-642ff1961f4e/index.html
_type: Article

---
ABOUT US

Habari Productions is a global photographic, storytelling, travel hub. We like to wander through some strange places and tell the stories of the incredible people we meet along the way.  
We've been travelling and taking photos for more than a decade in places including Syria, Iran, Africa, Mongolia, Mexico, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Europe, America, Maldives our homeland Australia, and so many more.  
In 2012 we swapped our TV producing world in Sydney for the depths of Africa. We explored West Africa, Ethiopia, Sudan, Rwanda, Kenya and Tanzania and lived with some of the world's most remote and endangered tribes. 

We met families living on the edges of civilization. We attended ceremonies, rites of passage, religious festivals and traditional dances. There were times when we were literally off the map! Humanity in all its beauty, horror, strength and weakness can be seen in our photographs. 

**Steph and Ben**

Stephanie Hunt is an Australian journalist/producer with 15 years of experience. She has worked for Al Jazeera English, BBC World News, HARDtalk, Sky News London and Seven Network Australia. She's just returned from presenting travel stories in Colombia for worldnomads.com.

Ben Hogarth has been in the media industry for more than a decade. He's been involved in everything from breaking news coverage, feature stories and live broadcasts. As a field producer for Australia's Seven Network, he coordinated live crosses from around Australia and also around the globe - on a daily basis. Ben has produced live hits from the peak of Mt Kilimanjaro; a shark cage in South Australia and the peaks of Peru's Machu Picchu. 

Habari Productions' 'Tribe' exhibition was held at Sydney's Queen St Gallery on July 19-31\. 

Buy 'Tribe: Life on the Edge. A storybook of beauty and survival' at: http://www.blurb.com/b/4527312-t-r-i-b-e